Original Text
春季来临，万物复苏，大家在享受大自然美好景色的同时也要警惕疾病的发生。比如春天是花粉过敏的高发期，有些人还会出现鼻痔的症状，这时候我们就可以用辛温通窍的方法来缓解，帮助鼻子通畅。另外，春天也是吃野菜的好时节，但是大家要注意不要误食毒蕈，以免引起毒蕈中毒。同时，对于胆气亏虚证患者来说，春天也是需要特别注意调理身体的时候，可以适当食用一些具有清热解毒功效的食物，预防疖的发生。此外，体内留饮过多也会影响健康，我们可以从饮食和生活习惯上入手，调养好我们的决渎之官，保持良好的身体状态。最后，如果孩子出现天花的症状，家长也不要过于紧张，及时就医并配合中药治疗，大多数情况下都能得到很好的恢复。
Matched Terms
['天花', '胆气亏虚证', '疖', '毒蕈中毒', '鼻痔', '留饮', '决渎之官', '辛温通窍']
Matched Terms Translation
[['Smallpox'], ['Gallbladder qi deficiency pattern'], ['Furuncles', 'Furuncle disorders', ' Boil disorders Boils'], ['Mushroom poisoning'], ['Nasal polyps'], ['Prolonged fluid retention'], ['The dredging and draining organ', 'The office of dredging and draining'], ['Dissipate cold and open the orifices', 'Open the orifices with pungent warm']]
Translation
In spring, as all things revive, while enjoying the beautiful scenery of nature, we should also be alert to the occurrence of diseases. For example, spring is a high season for pollen allergies, and some people may experience symptoms of nasal polyps; at this time, we can use the method of dissipating cold and opening the orifices to alleviate symptoms and help unblock the nose. Additionally, spring is also a good season to eat wild vegetables, but everyone should be careful not to mistakenly consume toxic mushrooms to avoid mushroom poisoning. At the same time, for patients with the gallbladder qi deficiency pattern, spring is also a time that requires special attention to regulate the body, they can appropriately consume foods with the function of clearing heat and removing toxins to prevent the occurrence of furuncles. Moreover, excessive prolonged fluid retention within the body will also affect health, and we can start from diet and lifestyle habits to regulate our dredging and draining organ and maintain good physical condition. Finally, if children exhibit symptoms of smallpox, parents should not be overly nervous, timely medical treatment and cooperation with Chinese herbal medicines can generally achieve very good recovery in most cases.