Original Text
中医认为人体健康与自然界的平衡息息相关，以“生之本”为理论基础，探讨了多种疾病的发生机制及治疗方法。例如，“消渴类病”和“汗类病”，这两种病症均与体内阴阳失衡有关。对于“汗类病”，可以采用“刮痧疗法”促进气血流通，调节阴阳平衡。而针对“消渴类病”，则需注重调养脾胃，使水谷精微得以正常输布。此外，“解表透疹”是治疗外感发热的重要手段之一。在骨骼系统疾病中，“骨”的病变尤为关键，通过补肾壮骨等方法可以达到治疗效果。“水气凌心证”和“痰闭心窍证”则多见于心血管疾病患者，需采取相应措施调理心肾功能，恢复心脏的正常运作。
Matched Terms
['刮痧疗法', '生之本', '消渴类病', '汗类病', '解表透疹', '骨', '水气凌心证', '痰闭心窍证']
Matched Terms Translation
[['Guasha therapy'], ['Foundation of life'], ['Wasting and thirst disorders', 'Wasting thirst disorder'], ['Sweating disorders'], ['Remove wind and promote skin eruption', 'Release the exterior and promote skin eruption'], ['Bone'], ['Water retention affecting the heart pattern'], ['Phlegm misting the heart pattern', 'Phlegm obstructing the heart', ' phlegm blocking the heart', ' phlegm blocking the heart spirit']]
Translation
TCM believes that human health is closely related to the balance of nature, based on the "Foundation of life" theory, discusses the occurrence mechanism and treatment methods of various diseases. For example, "wasting and thirst disorders" and "sweating disorders," both of these diseases are related to the imbalance of Yin and Yang in the body. For "sweating disorders," Guasha therapy can be used to promote the circulation of Qi and Blood, regulating the balance of Yin and Yang. As for "wasting and thirst disorders," it is necessary to focus on nourishing the spleen and stomach, so that the normal distribution of water and grain essence can be achieved. Additionally, "remove wind and promote skin eruption" is one of the important methods for treating exogenous fever. In bone system diseases, the lesions of "bone" are particularly critical; through methods such as tonifying the kidney and strengthening bones, therapeutic effects can be achieved. "Water retention affecting the heart pattern" and "phlegm misting the heart pattern" are often seen in patients with cardiovascular diseases, requiring corresponding measures to regulate the functions of heart and kidney, restoring the normal operation of the heart.