Original Text
最近有朋友问我关于虚劳的问题，其实虚劳就是我们常说的慢性疲劳综合症，主要表现为身体虚弱无力，精神疲惫。治疗时我们可以采用增水行舟的方法，就像船在水中行驶一样，通过滋阴润燥来达到治疗效果。另外，如果出现肺卫气虚证，也就是免疫力低下，容易感冒的情况，我们可以通过相须的方法来补益肺气。对于肛肠类病，比如便秘，我们可以用平熄内风剂来调理，使虚实分明，让疾病得到更好的控制。生活中还有一种皮肤病叫做缠腰火丹，其实就是带状疱疹，可以通过中医辨证施治，内外兼治，达到标本兼治的效果。
Matched Terms
['虚劳', '增水行舟', '肺卫气虚证', '相须', '肛肠类病', '平熄内风剂', '虚实分明', '缠腰火丹']
Matched Terms Translation
[['Deficiency/ consumption'], ['Increase fluids and promote bowel movements', 'Increase water to float the boat', 'Formulas that generate fluids to promote bowel movements'], ['Lung qi deficiency pattern', 'Lung qi deficiency pattern', ' Defense qi deficiency pattern', ' Lung deficiency with exterior weakness pattern', ' Lung and defense qi insecurity pattern', ' Insecurity of lung Wei-defence'], ['Mutual reinforcement'], ['Anorectal diseases'], ['Formulas that extinguish internal wind'], ['Distinguish between fullness (weighted) and emptiness (weightless)'], ['Snake-shaped sore', 'Shingles Herpes zoster']]
Translation
Recently, a friend asked me about the issue of deficiency labor, which is actually what we commonly refer to as chronic fatigue syndrome. It mainly manifests as physical weakness and lack of strength, as well as mental fatigue. When treating it, we can adopt the method of increasing fluids to promote bowel movements, similar to how a boat moves in water, by nourishing Yin and moistening dryness to achieve therapeutic effects. Additionally, if there is a pattern of Lung qi deficiency, which means reduced immunity and frequent susceptibility to common colds, we can use the method of mutual reinforcement to tonify Lung qi. For anorectal diseases such as constipation, we can use formulas that extinguish internal wind to regulate and distinguish between Deficiency and Excess, thereby better controlling the disease. In life, there is also a skin condition called snake-shaped sore, which is actually shingles. It can be treated through TCM pattern differentiation and treatment, both internally and externally, achieving the effect of treating both the tip and root.